Ticketing Tutorial (#16)
keypom/keypom-docs: docs/Tutorials/Advanced/ticketing/introduction.md

3. [Keypom JS SDK](https://github.com/keypom/keypom-js#installation)

If you want to reference the finished code, that can be found [here](https://github.com/keypom/keypom-js/tree/min/ticketing-tutorial/docs-advanced-tutorials/ticket-app). To follow along and build out this ticketing app, see the steps below. 

---

## Creating your Project
In this section, you're going to create your project and install the SDK to prepare for the tutorial. If you have a completed script and have installed the SDK, you can skip [forward](architecture.md).

First, navigate to your desired home folder and use the `create-near-app` command to create a new project.
``` bash
npx create-near-app my-ticket-app
```
:::note
You may realize that there is a `contract` and `frontend` folder. The `create-near-app` package allows you to build out a NEAR smart contract and quickly hook it up with a frontend. This tutorial will not involve writting any smart contracts, so the `contract` folder can be ignored. 
:::

You'll then need to create a `package.json` inside the `frontend` folder. You can accept all default values that NPM suggests.

``` bash

> cd frontend && npm init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd my-ticket-app/frontend && npm init
```

```

Then, you can install the following libraries, including the Keypom JS SDK.

``` bash
npm install keypom-js && npm install react && npm install react-dom && npm install react-router-dom &&
npm install qrcode.react && npm install react-zxing && npm install web-vitals
```

Next, you'll want to navigate to `my-ticket-app/package.json` and make the following replacement:

```json

> "scripts": {

Reviewer: This is not intuitive to the reader - let's just copy the whole scripts section of the package.json and tell them to replace their existing script

    ...
    // Replace this line
    "start": "npm run deploy && echo The app is starting! It will automatically open in your browser when ready && env-cmd -f ./neardev/dev-account.env parcel frontend/index.html --open",
    
    // With this
    "start": "cd frontend && npm run start",
    ...
  },
```

Then, go to the `my-ticket-app/frontend/package.json` and add the following:
``` json
"scripts": {
    "start": "parcel index.html --open",
    "build": "parcel build index.html --public-url ./"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "crypto-browserify": "^3.12.0",
    "stream-browserify": "^3.0.0"
  },
```

From there, create the files that will be used to build out the functionality of the ticket app. 

> ```bash

Reviewer: It's not clear which directory this should be run from - let's be explicit that this should be run from the frontend folder

mkdir state && mv App.js state/App.js
mkdir components && mkdir utils
touch utils/configurations.js && touch state/keyInfo.js && touch components/scanner.js && touch components/qrcode.js && touch utils/createTickDrop.js
```

With these steps complete, your project folder should look like this. 

```bash
/my-ticket-app
├── contract
│   └── ...
├── frontend
│   └── components
│   │    └── scanner.js
│   │    └── qrcode.js
│   └── state
│   │    └── App.js
│   │    └── keyInfo.js
│   └── utils
│   │    └── configurations.js
│   │    └── createTickDrop.js
│   └── node_modules
│   │    └── keypom-js
│   │    └── qrcode.react
│   │    └── react-zxing
│   │    └── react
│   │    └── react-dom
│   │    └── react-router-dom
│   │    └── ...
│   └── package.json
│   └── package-lock.json
├── ...
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
```

> Finally, there are a few folders/files you can copy from the [SDK Github](https://github.com/keypom/keypom-js/tree/min/ticketing-tutorial/docs-advanced-tutorials/ticket-app/frontend) to the `frontend` folder. These files primarily deal with styling and setup. 

Reviewer: I'm confused as to what I'm supposed to be doing here?

sidebar_label: 'Introduction'
---
# Introduction

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to create a ticketing experience that is both able to handle large audiences and creates a seamless admission and onboarding experience for your community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to create a seamless ticketing experience that is cheaper than alternative methods and can also handle very large audiences.
```

## Background

> NFT ticketing is very common in the Web3 space and is an excellent way to engage your attendees and draw a larger audience. However, it currently requires the attendees to have an existing wallet. This is a massive barrier to entry, particularly to non-Web3-natives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most popular ticketing solutions in Web3 utilize NFT technologies. This approach, however, requires attendees to own a crypto wallet and sign transactions. This is a massive barrier to entry, particularly for users that are new to Web3.
```
